Weekly Changelog 2023-08-07 to 2023-08-14 (#67655)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Generate vehicle prototypes from in-game vehicles
In-game Armor sprite change
Cockroaches flee light, hide under furniture, eat corpses, and breed faster when fed
Cataclysm and game start dates are to be set through scenarios
Friendly NPC crafting by crafting menu

> Show inventory selector for tinder when starting fires with tools that require tinder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Most scenarios now provide vision of the nearest city on start
Alternative resolution to clean back bay quest
Add a synagogue

> Add larger refrigerated tank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Make Alpha more cool & flavorful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Adds hillbilly profession.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Flesh out the Free Merchant representative for the God's Chosen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> New handloading option, matchhead powder (red phosphorous) bullets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Give the God's Chosen NPCs some anti-mutant dialogue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Add barbershops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> overhaul profession skills

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Give Luo unique dialogue after recruitment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Expand the Hells' Raiders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

JSONify Defense Mode

> Add in a bronze nail puller, and bronze wood saw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Add sundial, wind and radiation badge to "spacebar" sidebar
fix widget error if player has no body part
AIM: Add key to step outside containers; AIM: mark container that the other pane is looking inside

> Vehicle interaction to start at point of examination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Crafting menu shows furniture qualities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Enable/disable showing several non-player-related messages in the log

> Scroll one page when displaying item info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Adds scrollbar to the item info display in vending machine ui

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Added scrollbar for wish item menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[MoM] Add additional portal storm remnant map extras
[Sky Island] Mainline Sky Island mod
[Magiclysm] Add a spell-using feral human to Magiclysm

> Intensify center of Quell Fire mist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> New powers, part 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Fix Vitakinetic/Synthetic Lungs interaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Mind Over Matter-specific Research facility overhaul

> Add VERDANT HAND Combat Protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Mutation selector mod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Add mercenary hiring to Defense Mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

More monsters fight back if cornered
Higher dodge skill lowers the stamina cost to dodge
Adds a mutable stream to the mapgen

> [Aftershock] Adjust bionic toolkit qualities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

HP widgets gets equivalent bodypart
Fix grainy glyphs in blended font rendering mode
Stop dodging good spells, fix uncanny dodge spell crash

> Fix teleportocalypse
> Fix Fountain of Flames
> Fix appliance power drain display right after plugging in/unplugging device
> Prevent deleting furniture with grappling hook
> Do not destroy items when climbing grappling hook

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix appliance power drain display right after plugging in/unplugging device
Fix items and furniture being deleted from grappling hook usage
```

HP widgets gets equivalent bodypart
Fix grainy glyphs in blended font rendering mode
Stop dodging good spells, fix uncanny dodge spell crash

> Canceling 'save zone' query returns you to zone manager instead of discarding changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Cotton sheet folded seat isn't repaired with welding but sewing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Integrated Multitool consumes power only when welding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Fix component distribution errors for crafted food

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Fix radio modded explosives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Fix teleportocalypse

> Replaces Forge of Wonder kitchen tongs with flat jaw tongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Minor fix of NPC crafting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Fermentation can produce multiples of resulting items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> sulfur is treated like a chem rather than a comestible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Fix Fountain of Flames

> Fix scenario start dates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Fix scenario start dates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Fix appliance power drain display right after plugging in/unplugging device
Prevent deleting furniture with grappling hook
Do not destroy items when climbing grappling hook

> fix a spot where nuts_bolts spawned too few

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Add transparency to some pockets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> coal and charcoal are separate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Close helms transform into the correct grade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Consumption code now checks for JSON Flag instead of ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Fix component distribution error false positives for a bunch of recipes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Performance:
Make `Character::best_item_with_quality` examine items non-recursively
Refactor effect types to use map indirection and enums instead of strings
Removes the ludicrous amount of OMs the refugee and research centres define
Fix Nested List lag in crafting menu

> Cache nutrient results for recipes while calculating nutrient range for food info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Add functions for efficiently creating massive amounts of identical items and finding pockets for them, use to greatly speed up debug spawning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
